[INFRA] new api_stability test (#2499)
seqan/seqan3: test/api_stablility/README.md

# seqan3 api stability

This test suite will check whether the current version of seqan3 (e.g. git checkout) can be used to build the test cases
of the latest stable version of seqan3 (https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/releases/latest).

By seeing which of our own previous-test cases break, we can estimate how difficult it is to upgrade an external app and
adapt our CHANGELOG accordingly.

### Usage

```bash
cd <build_dir> # e.g. seqan3-builds/api_stability/

> # we recommend to disable deprecation warnings in CI

Author: I would also remove that for CI as it is just noise, and has no real value.

On local builds I would not disable them to see that in Fact a deprecation warning is triggered.

cmake -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-DSEQAN3_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_WARNINGS=1" <seqan3_git_checkout>

# if you want to build with 40 threads, you need to use CMAKE_BUILD_PARALLEL_LEVEL to specify the threads
# a normal `make -j 40` or `cmake --build . -j 40` will not work
CMAKE_BUILD_PARALLEL_LEVEL=40 cmake --build .
```

### How does this work?

The workflow is like this:

> 1. Download and unzip the latest stable release, e.g. 3.0.2.
> 2. Remove everything from the latest stable release (e.g. 3.0.2) except the test cases
>    `<seqan3_stable_source_release>/test/`.
> 3. apply patches on the latest stable release, e.g. patches found in `<seqan3_git_source>/test/api_stability/3.0.2`.
>   * these patches will only apply on the test cases
>   * this step is necessary as some of our tests
> 3. Use the current version of `find_package (SeqAn3)`, e.g. found in `<seqan3_git_source>/build_system`.
> 4. configure tests `<seqan3_stable_source_release>/test/unit` with our current seqan3 header-library
>    (e.g. `<seqan3_git_source>/include` and `<seqan3_git_source>/submodules/*/include`)
>   * but use the test cases from the latest stable release (e.g. 3.0.2).
> 5. build all of these tests
> 6. test all test cases
> 7. if any of the above steps fail the complete build will fail
> 
> We can apply this workflow for every kind-of-test (e.g. `test/unit`, `test/snippet`, `test/benchmarks`) that we have.
> Currently, we only test `test/unit` and `test/snippet` as both of them test the most of our public-api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and unzip the LSR.
2. Remove everything from the LSR except the tests in `<seqan3_lsr_source>/test/`.
3. Apply patches from the current git version on the LSR, i.e., patches found in 
   `<seqan3_git_source>/test/api_stability/3.0.2`.
  * These patches will only apply changes on the tests.
  * This step is necessary as some of our tests ???
3. Use the current version of `find_package (SeqAn3)` found in `<seqan3_git_source>/build_system`.
4. Configure the tests `<seqan3_lsr_source>/test/unit` with our current seqan3 header-library
   (e.g. `<seqan3_git_source>/include` and `<seqan3_git_source>/submodules/*/include`).
  * But use the test cases from the LSR.
5. Build all tests.
6. Run all tests.
7. If any of the above steps fail the complete build will fail.

We can apply this workflow to every kind of test (e.g. `test/unit`, `test/snippet`, `test/benchmarks`) that we have.
Currently, we only test `test/unit` and `test/snippet` as both of them test most of our public API.
```

Reviewer: The second point in 3 needs to filled in.

# SeqAn3 API Stability

This test suite will check whether the current version of seqan3 (e.g. git checkout) can be used to build the test cases
of the latest stable version of seqan3 (https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/releases/latest).

By seeing which of our own previous test cases break, we can estimate how difficult it is to upgrade an external app and
adapt our changelog accordingly.

### Usage

```bash
cd <build_dir> # e.g. seqan3-builds/api_stability/

# we recommend to disable deprecation warnings in CI
cmake -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS="-DSEQAN3_DISABLE_DEPRECATED_WARNINGS=1" <seqan3_git_checkout>

# if you want to build with 40 threads, you need to use CMAKE_BUILD_PARALLEL_LEVEL to specify the threads
# a normal `make -j 40` or `cmake --build . -j 40` will not work
CMAKE_BUILD_PARALLEL_LEVEL=40 cmake --build .
```

### How does this work?

> In the following we will use `3.0.2` as the latest stable realse (LSR).

Author: ```suggestion
In the following we will use `3.0.2` as the latest stable release (LSR).
```
